It’s okay for thousands of young people, and it’s okay for tens of thousands of families to be together.
Thousands of thousands of thousands of millions
Thousands, thousands, thousands
Thousands, thousands, thousands, thousands
Thousands, thousands, thousands, millions, millions, millions, millions
Thousands of thousands of thousands of millions
Thousands, thousands, thousands, thousands, millions
You can even catch the wool that sells for one piece every ten thousand years.
You're not afraid that people will send you samples
There's nothing we can do about it
Just let him have no money
You said the same sex?
Why is the gap so big?
How about there are more of them?
Make me happy
Why am I sponsoring better people today?
Today is my wedding
Let me have a little ability
You act as individuals